# Abstract
Stellar-mass black holes (BHs) are predicted to be embedded in the disks of active galactic nuclei (AGN) due to gravitational drag and in-situ star formation. However, clear evidence for AGN diskembedded BHs is currently lacking. Here, as possible electromagnetic signatures of these BHs, we investigate ==breakout emission from shocks emerging around Blandford-Znajek jets launched from accreting BHs in AGN disks.== We assume that the majority of the highly super-Eddington flow reaches the BH, produces a strong jet, and the jet produces feedback that shuts off accretion and thus leads to ==episodic flaring==. While these assumptions are highly uncertain at present, they predict a ==breakout emission characterized by luminous thermal emission in the X-ray bands, and bright, broadband nonthermal emission from the infrared to the gamma-ray bands==. The flare duration depends on the BH’s distance r from the central supermassive BH, varying between 10^3 − 10^6 s for r ∼ 0.01 − 1 pc. This emission can be discovered by current and future infrared, optical, and X-ray wide-field surveys and monitoring campaigns of nearby AGNs.

# Introduction
AGN disks are plausible environments for BH-BH and BH-neutron star (NS) mergers -> This pathway can explain the distributions of masses, mass ratios (Yang et al. 2020b; Gayathri et al. 2021), spin vectors (Tagawa et al. 2020a), and correlation between the masses and spin magnitudes (Tagawa et al. 2021a) for the bulk of merging events.

Recently, several studies have investigated emission from transients emerging from AGN disks.